
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:
Computer IP address:
CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q1, 6.00, Summer 2019   (c) DL, UTA, 2019


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your student ID followed by your
    last name then comma then first name (as it appears on your student ID), in large font at the top of every web page displayed (for this quiz)
    The cloud service provider is IBM Cloud (BlueMix).
    
 6. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to cloud service, 
    then show the names and sizes of all *jpg (stored on cloud) on your screen in a web page.

 7. Through a web interface (page), allow user to give a point value and you show the corresponding names, pictures, and "favorite" string
    (or show "no data or matching available").

 8. (Web Page) allow a user to give two "point" values AND a word within the "favorite" and show all pictures, names, and states for each person
    within that range (matching) of point values, whose word is in the favorite value (string).

 9. (Web page) allow a user to give a point value (and if necessary name) then modify either the name, points or the favorite string.

 10. Show GTA parts 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

 11. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

